Hi There!
Welcome to my place




1. Life
I am Nguyen Quang Phuc, 24, an ordinary Asian guy :)
You can call me Quang Phuc, Timothy, or simpler, Tim will do.

My hometown is Saigon, the heart of Southern Vietnam, where I have family and old friends, spent my lively childhood with beautiful memories.

I came to Singapore when I was 19 for college, and later, career development. Singapore is such an amazing country. People like to call it a global city, a melting pot. But my heart just says second home.

I see myself as an introvert, a someone seeking for insecurity and freedom of soul.




2. Career
I obtained a Computer Science degree from National University of Singapore, focused on Software Engineering and Database Design. Sounds cool. But, trust me, I didn't really love Tech much when I was still schooling. But now I started to realize it is in fact, really interesting. As just not about doing some tricky homework and try to score better than your peers in class.

It's the all about thinking, searching for the right solutions to suit human needs, building things that make sense, or hacking stuff for fun. Learning. Playing. Sharing. There's such a big community of unselfish computer scientists that are willing to build our world a better home.

I know I started late, and I may be I slow. But I will never stop trying. I will catch up. I know what to do to achieve my dreams.

Besides Tech, I am also deeply interested in Education, which equips people capacities and abilities to be more equal in life. I want to become a great educator one day. I love sharing what I have to others, see people grow, uphold the spirit, and pass it on to others again. If you happen to know anything related to education and need a hand, give me a call. No matter it is peanut paid, or voluntary.

Currently I am working as Lead Web Developer at PowerMe Pte Ltd. PowerMe is a startup company which focuses on Education. We are building the next generation tool for students to practice Mathematics. We want to see them improve confidence in life. We are young, started small. But we are ambituous. And we aim big.

Connect with me on LinkedIn to know more about my work.
Or visit my GitHub to hook me up with open source projects.




3. Loves
I am a Music lover. My mother tongue is piano, which I can express almost all my feelings. I also can speak in guitar and drums. I love listening to soft melodies, as well as creating them. If you play violin, come, we can hone a cool free style duet :)

Hey, just let you know hor, I am a backpacked traveller. I have a deep dream to travel around the world, roll into every corner of life, get my shoes dirty. I wish I could touch, see and chat with locals and gain the knowledge, and life understanding which schools never teach.

Life is a journey, yup, let’s make it fun and enjoyable. This is a hard work and I am happy to face it. I wish I could do something meaningful to the people I am living with and find passion in every work I do.

Your heart belongs to the roads too? Sit down, man, we defintely have amazing stories to share :D

I love sport, too, especially. Being a loyal fan of Chelsea since young, I hardly miss any of its game. I adore Frank Lampard for his talents, and more importantly, his ultimate professionalism and loyalty. Wherever he will be heading next, he is still a true blue in my heart. If you happen to be a blue too, cool, you have a mate down here!




4. Personal
I love my family, though we are a-thousand-mile apart. My dad passed away since I was 6. Since then, my mum did work really hard to keep me and my older brother up. She is loving, caring, and respectful for my freedom to pursue what I want in life.

My older brother has 2 little girls. And then, I am an uncle of 2 little angels.

No matter how far we move on in life, family is always the first, and the last stop in our life. I think so.



5. Get In Touch
